UIAM for Cloud org members and API keys (#4620)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/users-roles/cloud-organization/user-roles.md

When **Cloud Console, {{es}}, and {{kib}}** access is not granted, roles that are designed to work inside of the project have limited access, and can't open the project in {{kib}}. For example: 

* If you select the **Admin** role, the user is able configure project settings and network security in {{ecloud}}, but can't log in to the relevant projects as superuser.
* Several predefined roles that are intended for project users, such as the Security **Tier 1 analyst** role, can view the relevant projects on the {{ecloud}} Console home page, but can't open the project to view their dashboards and visualizations.
* [Custom roles](/deploy-manage/users-roles/serverless-custom-roles.md) always require **Cloud Console, {{es}}, and {{kib}}** access. Without it, the user’s access is reduced to **Viewer** in the {{ecloud}} Console, and can't log in to the project.

For details on the permissions granted for each role, refer to the [predefined roles table](#general-assign-user-roles-table).

:::{tip}

> When inviting a user to your organization with the {{ecloud}} API, you can set their access surfaces in the invitation request. To grant {{ecloud}} Console-only access, pass an empty `application_id` array in the role assignment. You can view an example in [Manage users](/deploy-manage/users-roles/cloud-organization/manage-users.md#ec-api-organizations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When inviting a user to your organization with the {{ecloud}} API, you can set their access surfaces in the invitation request. To grant {{ecloud}} Console-only access, pass an empty `application_id` array in the role assignment. For an example, refer to [Manage users](/deploy-manage/users-roles/cloud-organization/manage-users.md#ec-api-organizations).
```
